docs: update CONTRIBUTING.md (#76)
equinor/terraform-baseline: CONTRIBUTING.md

## CONTRIBUTING

> This repository is maintained by the Ops team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is maintained by the Terraform Baseline team.
```

### Steps

> 1. Create a new branch.
> 1. Commit your changes.
> 1. Create a pull request to trigger any relevant deployment workflows.
> 1. Approve deployments.
> 1. Request a review.
> 1. Once approved, merge to branch `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new branch.
1. Commit your changes.
1. Create a pull request.
1. Request a review.
1. Once approved, merge to branch `main`.
```
